INTRO
	Narrator: "Welcome to the United States of Craziness, where everything is chill and dope. 
	This galaxy is the happy home of the Freaks, a fun loving people who do whatever harmless thing they want."
	
	[A picture of Unlimit Energy is shown]
	Narrator: "This is all thanks to Unlimit Energy, a mystical energy that permeates the entire universe. 
	When gathered in large enough quantities, Unlimit Energy allows a person to rewrite reality.
	The more of it one has, the stronger they become.
	Naturally, while Unlimit Energy has solved every crisis that has ever faced our planet,
	evil-doers still exist and try to steal Unlimit Energy for their own evil purposes."
	
	[The Super Freaks]
	Narrator: "Unlimit Energy has also given rise to real superheroes. The Super Freaks, and their beloved relative Uncle Swordsman,
	wield Unlimit Energy in battle to combat the various supervillains that threaten the USC.
	They are known for their versatility and ability to use any power ever, especially the stupid ones. 
	But one fateful day..."
	
	[Kranion]
	Kranion: "What the ****!!!! Good for nothin!!!"
	Scruffy: "Dude, we keep telling you, you can turn the corners faster if you drift!"
	Kranion: "You guys are a couple friggin' idiots, you know that? You're cheating! I bagged you guys bangin' a u-ie at wicked impossible speeds!"
	King Quincy: "We can show you how to do it again if you want!"
	Kranion: "Nah, screw you guys! I'm goin' to hang with my real friends in Wistah. See ya later, bozos."
	Gambi: "What an idiot."
	Tikiman: "Aw, give him a minute and he'll cool off. Mikey's just upset that he can't beat us in Fast Cars Underground 2. He'll be as good as us someday!"
	
	Narrator: "Oh Tikiman, you sweet summer child. Kranion would be more than good as you. He would be better--much better. Much better than us all."
	
	[Kranibots storming the Super Freaks Stadium]
	
	Narrator: "Kranion, backed by his army of killer Kranibots, and his pure, unadultered saltiness, staged a massive invasion of the entire galaxy,
	starting with the Super Freaks' super cool stadium."
	Gambi: "Dude, what the actual hell?"
	
	[Kranion perched high up on his Skullmobile]
	
	Kranion: "You asked for it, chumps. Never mess with a proud chowdahhead! Me and my boys are gonna steal all that Unlimit crap you guys use to cheat at life,
	and I'm gonna use it to be the best Fast Cars Underground 2 player that ever lived!"
	
	[The Super Freaks]
	Scruffy: "You did all this because we took you to the cleaners in a game from 2004?"
	
	[The Super Freaks laugh]
	[Kranion is pissed]
	Kranion: "Yeah, maybe I did! Someone had to put you dweebs in your place. 
	You've beat up me, my dad, and a bunch of other guys thanks to this magic stuff, so let's see you try to beat me without it!
	Later, losers!!!"
	
	[The Super Freaks]
	Gambi: "Well, this sucks."
	Tikiman: "Michael underestimates one thing about us. We can fight even without any powers!"
	King Quincy: "Tikiman's right. Mikey may be a super powerful reality warper who's probably going to kill us, but that's not going to stop us!"
	Scruffy: "Because we're superheroes, and lowkey kinda dumb. Mikey is Kentucky Fried bone-in cock-a-doodle-dead where he stands!"
	
	Narrator: "And so, the Super Freaks set out to defeat Kranion and take back the galaxy's supply of Unlimit Energy. Will they succeed without
	their source of superpowers? Well, yeah, obviously. But they're gonna need the help of one or two random people with gamepads. (That's you!)"
	

MEET THE ANTI FREAKS
	King Quincy: "Alright guys, we got Kranion's gang out of our stadium."
	Scruffy: "What do we do now?"
	Trash Can Man: "You go play with your toys while the adults take over!"
	
	[The Anti Freaks are standing on a high point]
	Superior: "Insufferable half-wits. You really think you're in good enough shape to take on that fool Kranion?"
	Negative Quincy: "I could kill him myself with my pinky! You guys, on the other hand, have no powers, and no hope!"
	Geyzer: "Which is why, out of sheer morbid curiosity, we've hidden trophies all over the galaxy for you to collect."
	Gambi: "That's stupid!"
	Trash Can Man: "It is, but you'll look way more stupid trying and failing to find them all!"
	Tikiman: "We'll find your trophies. Maybe it'll be fun!"
	Superior: "Come back and see us when you've found all of our trophies. Then we'll see who among us is superior!"

VS CINGE

VS MILK MAN

ENTERING LUDICROUS WORLD
	[The Super Freaks are in Barrel Canyon]
	King Quincy: "Two planets down, three to go. We got this!"
	
	[The X-Freaks appear from a portal. "GRATITUOUS MULTIVERSE CAMEOS" flashes on the bottom of the screen.]
	Gloverine: "No you don't. We'll take it from here, eh?"
	Professor T: "Please excuse my friend here. We have been sent by the Multisociety to assume your duties--we do not mean any harm or offense."
	Gambi: "Assume our duties? Who do you think you are?"
	
	[Les Slaypool]
	Les Slaypool: "What's up gamers, we're the X-Freaks. I'm Les Slaypool. I'm completely immortal, but I'm dying for some chimichangas!"
	
	[Cyquops]
	Cyquops: "Cyquops here. I'm the scoutmaster of our little group, and I have laser vision."
	
	[Gloverine]
	Gloverine: "I'm Gloverine, and I'm Canadian! I also bought these dual action blade gloves online."
	
	[Professor T]
	Professor T: "And I'm Sir Patrick Ste---I mean uh, Professor T., the founder of our group.
	Allow me to explain our presence; your powers are fully derived from Unlimit Energy. If someone, say your universe's Kranion, were to steal it,
	you would be left with absolutely no superpowers. On the other hand, we Freak Mutants of Universe-SF1963X have mutant powers that are
	written into our own genes, and these can never be taken from us."
	Les Slaypool: "What about M-Day?"
	Professor T: "We don't talk about that."
	
	(laugh track)
	
	Professor T: "Anyways, your universe's Kranion has grown far too powerful for you to handle--he is far stronger
	than even our native Kragneto. The Multisociety fears he will become a multiversal threat if not stopped in time, and you aren't well equipped to do so."
	
	[The Super Freaks]
	King Quincy: "Hey, I mean, why not? We could save ourselves a lot of trouble if we let these guys beat up Kranion for us."
	Tikiman: "I agree. It would also be rude to turn down such nice gentlemen."
	Gambi: "Yeah, I guess. Kranion's peeved me off enough today. Maybe I'll go do some yoga or something."
	Scruffy: "Alright, you guys got yourself a deal. Yo, Slaypool! 
	Bring me back some chimichangas from bonehead when you wreck him six ways from Sunday!"
	
	[The X-Freaks enter another portal]
	Les Slaypool: "We gotchu. One numbskull with a side of chimichangas coming right up!"
	
	[Still shot of the same portal. A second later, a locker is tossed out, with the X-Freaks' limbs hanging out. The door opens and Les Slaypool's head rolls out with X eyes]
	Les Slaypool: "Well that happened."
	
	[The Super Freaks stare in disbelief]
	(laugh track)

VS MEGA KLAW

VS LARRY MCPEEL

VS FRANCIS

CASTLE KRANION
	[Kranion is sitting in a room with Yorbs, juggling them]
	Kranion: "This is great! I've got more power than King Midas and his silver or whatever."
	
	[Doorball rings]
	Kranion: "If that's the Super Freaks, tell them to **** off. I'm still counting all of my stuff!"
	
	[Outside, the Super Freaks are standing outside in a tall trenchcoat snickering to themselves.
	Dino opens the door]
	Scruffy: "Pizza Parlor here. You order a steak bomb?"
	Dino: "Uh...no?"
	Scruffy: "Well clearly I'm at the wrong place! Here, take it, it's on the house."
	Dino: "Oh boy!"
	
	[Dino is handed a bomb, which explodes in his face. He falls over with a goofy expression. The Super Freaks charge inside]
	
VS DINO
	[The Super Freaks are running through the castle when Dino appears in front of them]
	Dino: HALT! I can't let you progress any further. In the name of the moon, the sun, the asteroid five miles west of here, and all the stars in the sky, I will vanquish--
	Gambi: "Shut up!"
	
	[Dino pulls out a lightsaber]
	Dino: "Alright fine. Let's get to the part where I cut you all into ribbons!"

VS KRANION

ENDING

EXCITING ENCORE
	[The Anti Freaks are back at the stadium]
	Superior: "Well, what a pleasant surprise! It appears you've managed to find all of our trophies. Wait here while we determine your reward."
	
	[The Anti Freaks huddle together in panicked whispers]
	Superior: "What do we do now????"
	Negative Quincy: "I don't know, this whole thing was your stupid idea!"
	Geyzer: "Do we still have that leftover construction equipment we stole?"
	Trash Can Man: "Great idea! You guys throw something together while I do nothing but bark orders at you."
	
	[The Super Freaks stare in confusion while the Anti Freaks construct something offscreen]
	[The Anti Freaks have built an obstacle course of death]
	Superior: "BEHOLD! Our fun and challenging obstacle course!"
	Negative Quincy: "Of death! You will die. And we will laugh at you!"
	Gambi: "This might literally be the stupidest thing I've ever seen you idiots do."
	Tikiman: "And yet, in a way it's impressive, the motivation they get out of pure spite. Come on, this will be fun!"
VS ANTI FREAKS
	

SECRET ENDING
