THE SUPER FREAKS

	The Super Freaks have recently become the ultimate superheroes in the United States of Craziness.
	When their home planet Whakk-O was destroyed, the Super Freaks were sent on a rocket to Earth,
	where they landed on the floating Mystic Island.
	
	After centuries of protecting the Ulminac and its incredible power from evildoers, 
	the Super Freaks were dragged into adulthood when the Freak Wars took place down on the Earth's surface.
	They weren't prepared at first, but they stepped up and led a Freak rebellion against the dark forces
	and vanquished them, using the Ulminac's power afterwards to usher in a golden era for the Freaks and the entire universe.
	
	Nowadays, the Super Freaks enjoy a peaceful life in their super cool stadium on Mystic Island.
	Whenever their acquaintance Kranion is up to no good, they'll stop his dumb schemes, but generally
	they get caught up in wacky cartoon shenanigans in their free time.

SCRUFFY

	Scruffy Theodore Stickman is a member of the Super Freaks. He is known for his gigantic toothy grin,
	and whatever that thing is on his chest. I'm not sure if it's a belt or a shirt with a white stripe
	and a TV screen embedded in it. It's probably somehow both at the same time!
	
	Scruffy enjoys having a good time and not thinking. It should be no surprise then that he's an amazing
	drummer and stuntman. Scruffy has also recently introduced the Super Freaks to one of his favorite
	activities: drinking juice from some cacti he found in the desert so they can see funny things.
	By doing this, Scruffy claims that he can see infinity, and that he saw a dog driving a truck who claimed to be God.
	
	Some of this behavior stems from his time serving in the Freak Wars. Scruffy loved life and everything about it,
	but after seeing the cruelties inflicted upon the Freaks, he didn't care what happened to him as long as he could
	take the dark forces down. As the Freaks made strides towards victory, Scruffy learned to get in touch with life again.

KING QUINCY

	Quincy "King Quincy" Wilson is the closest thing the Super Freaks have to a leader.
	While they treat each other as equals, King Quincy is the only one with his head on straight,
	making him the voice of reason. His extremely calm and collected attitude makes him the perfect guy
	to go to when you need to vent your frustrations or just hang with a buddy.
	
	Quincy is not a true king, but rather got his kingly title for his strong leadership during the Freak Wars.
	Although he was plagued with self doubt at first, he was able to use his guidance and relaxed nature to 
	keep all of the Freaks focused. Out of gratitude, he was crowned the King of the Freaks.
	
	In his spare time, King Quincy likes to relax on a hammock and watch reruns of Justice League Unlimited.
	He also plays a killer saxaphone and bass guitar. Despite his higher level of maturity though, he will
	gladly partake in whatever stupid stuff the Super Freaks like doing, even playing with explosives.
	He'd be the first person to tell you though, don't try this at home!

GAMBI

	Gambi Ghost is somewhat of an enigma. Despite technically being a ghost, he has none of the attributes of a ghost,
	and he isn't even dead. Gambi also resembles a drop of water, yet he has none of the attributes of water nor any
	ability to control it. Despite this, he demands that you call him a ghost, and he will be insulted if you don't.
	
	In spite of his cute appearence, Gambi is known for his aggressive and hotheaded personality. When he is shown
	a lack of respect, expect him to fly off the handle and cause a scene. He also has a strong sense of justice and is
	fiercely loyal to his half brothers, the Super Freaks. Maybe this is why he can shred the guitar so hard!
	
	Surprisingly, he wasn't always like this. In his youth, Gambi actually was cute and sweet like his appearence suggests.
	He was also cowardly and afraid to harm anyone, a trait which still pops up from time to time in his adulthood.
	Sometime during the Freak Wars, the injustices he witnessed and suffered made something in him snap, and he was never the same.
	Yet, he became a strong moral compass for the Freaks and helped rally them into action.

TIKIMAN

	Tikiman T. Tikiman III is a nerd you don't want to shove in a locker. Tikiman is outwardly sweet and dorky,
	a bit eccentric too. He has a satellite device on his head that lets him store his vast knowledge and exposition remotely,
	but because of this, sometimes he forgets how to breathe.
	
	Tikiman's innocence masks the skills of a deadly assassin. Tikiman can and will kill with any possible object,
	even a ketchup packet. He will do so without remorse, but with that same dopey smile on his face. 
	One can chalk this cold detachment to his time in the Freak Wars. Although the other Super Freaks were concerned
	about him, he proved he still had his morals, and was a valued asset to the cause.
	
	Frighteningly murderous skillset aside, Tikiman is one of the kindest people in the universe. You just want to give him
	a really big hug! He is also a skilled keyboardist and singer, and can sing in any voice at all. Incidentally,
	he's very popular with the ladies. But if you had a hairy chest and could sing like Prince, you would be too!

KRANION

	Michael "Mikey" Ribson Jr., aka Kranion, is the villain the Super Freaks battle the most. Well, villain isn't really
	a good word for him. He is ruled by pure id, and will do anything to get whatever he wants. Sometimes this means 
	enlisting his gang, and his army of Kranibots, invented by his friend Dino.
	
	Kranion is part of the Marrow, a race of skeleton beings that caused trouble on planet Whakk-O. He is technically the prince
	of the Marrow, as his father, Marrow Prime, is the progenitor of their kind. They also established a second base
	on Earth, in what would become known as South Boston. To this day, Massachusetts is known for its distinctive accent
	and awful driving skills--both things learned from the Marrow's culture.
	
	Despite being a criminal lout, Kranion is capable of doing good. He is a (not great) friend to the Super Freaks
	whenever they're not fighting. More importantly, he was crucial to winning the Freak Wars, and turned the tide
	of the final battle against the dark forces.
	
THE ULMINAC

	Whakk-O was known for its highly advanced technology, the highest achievement being the Ulminac. The Ulminac
	is without a doubt the single most powerful artifact in the entire universe, and even beyond that. 
	It is deceptive, appearing to be a mere book with a cute little star on the front cover, but don't be fooled!
